we're in an auto auto union local hall
here we know we've lost three hundred
thousand jobs in Auto since George Bush
is coming off us three hundred thousand
jobs and you know what you're going to
lose a hundred thousand more because all
the buyouts that occurred are just the
beginning the auto companies Ford GM all
of those players while they're telling
you they're broke here they're over
there in Shanghai they're over there in
New Delhi and they're cutting deals with
Chinese auto companies to produce over
there they're setting up financing arms
over there their plans are to ramp up
production in a major way in Asia and
you know what eventually they're going
to come back here in partnership with
these Chinese and Indian companies
they're going to take over the old
plants not in the north but go down
south that they're closing now and
they'll produce Chinese cars that's
their long-term plan fundamentally
corporate America is abandoning its
workforce fundamentally you know we used
to buy eighty-five percent of the
products they made and they needed us to
make good money to buy their products
lamah they're looking over there to Asia
and they see a rising middle class in
China and India and it's a ho they're
going to bond far more cars and we're
going to maximize our global output in
revenue and we don't need American
workers to make good money anymore
that's the fundamental change that's the
the end of the social compact that
occurred after World War two
you